hey guys in this video I'm going to show
you how to make a cucumber deep
conditioner to make this conditioner you
need a cucumber olive oil and 1 egg this
is the second half of the cucumber that
I used in my homemade facial video so
I'm just going to remove the skin now
sign that everything to the blender I
just cut the cucumber into chunks and
then I add an egg and about 1/4 a cup of
olive oil
now I'm going to add the mixture to my
hair focusing on the end my hair is
washed and detangled
now this stuff is a very messy so I
suggest you get a towel so you don't
make a huge mess
also I probably would have blended this
even more just to make it more smooth
here's a close-up of my hair right
before I rinsed it out make sure you
rinse with cool or cold water because
the egg will cook and then you'll have
chunks of egg in your hair so because
this kind of felt like a light protein
treatment I did follow up with a
moisturizing deep conditioner I hadn't
done protein in a while so it actually
left my hair feeling really nice really
strong um
this treatment is good for swimmer's it
can kind of help with the chlorine and
all the damage that it can cost your
hair okay let me know what you think
thanks for watching bye